#summary Documentation for the new AutoBar Beta.
#labels Featured

= There is a beta? =

Download:
[http://files.wowace.com/cat-action-bars.html]

Bug reports & issues:
[http://code.google.com/p/autobar/issues/list]

Discussion:
[http://www.wowace.com/forums/index.php?topic=9138.0]

Note that this is a beta, a particular release may not be stable, you may need to reset your options from time to time & lose customizations you have made.  All options and features may not be working yet.

= What is not working right now? =

 * The new preference scheme requires a profile reset & a Bar reset.
 * cyCircled breaks with the beta ;-(
  * Get the latest cyCircled please
 * Crafting Alchemy Button & Trinket2 equip buttons not working.
 * Make fadeout work
 * Create New Bar mia
  * Select Named Buttons for a Bar mia
 * Docking mia -> Move to the sticky interface...
 * Macro Buttons
  * Icons mia
  * Support for the built in sets of macros for character (18) & general (18) as well.
  * Travel macro beyond just druids: Ghost Wolf, Pally Aura & Hunter thingy.
 * Button specific options mia
  * Turn the summoning aspect off for the food/water buttons
  * Disable invert buttons on offhand buff
 * Drag & Drop
  * Items need to be draggable onto the category in the tree part of the config.
  * Items dragged onto a custom button automatically create a custom category if it does not have one & drop into it
  * Buttons need a drop setting that if enabled allow items to be dragged right onto the button itself
  * Categories in a button & items inside a category need to be draggable to rearrange them
 * Custom Categories need to be able to pick PeriodicTable-3.0 sets for their contents.
 * Full Mount support, including form switching, automatic flying vs ground selection, etc.
 * Rock: implement the link type so Rock can be used for config.

= What is in the new version? =

 * This is a rewrite of AutoBar and its config system.
 * The state machine for the popups is rewritten and much simpler than the old one.
 * Ace style profiles are used, allowing you to make character, class, etc. profiles, save them, and swap between them.
 * There are more buttons available, some with overlapping functionality. This is intentional.  Pick the ones you want and disable any buttons you do not want.
 * Built in Buttons are named and keybindings are directly to that Button, so if you move the Button around your keybinding still works.

 * Preferences
  * All Preferences are configuarable via Waterfall in a tree style view
  * This replaces the old preferences, and you no longer need the separate `AutoBarConfig` mod.  It does no harm to have it but you do not need it and can safely delete it.
  * There are a few ways to bring up and edit the preferences:
   * Double click on the AutoBar [http://files.wowace.com/cat-interface-enhancements.html FuBar] icon or minimap icon to bring up the GUI config
   * [http://files.wowace.com/cat-interface-enhancements.html FuBar] or the minimap has an AutoBar button which you can right click for a drop down menu.  Select the AutoBar option on this to bring up the GUI
   * Type */atb* or */autobar* to bring up the config as a text based console interface
   * Type */atb config* or */autobar config* to bring up the config as a GUI
   * Bind a key to the AutoBar Configuration Interface using the *Blizzard Options/Key Bindings* panel.
   * When you are in *Move the Bars* mode you can right click a Bar to bring up a dropdown config for the Bar.

 * Custom Categories: Categories/New
  * You can create new custom categories that are available to all your characters
  * Click on your category and name it
  * Open the tree to the items inside it & click *New* for however many items you need.
  * Click on each item.  This reveals a dragLink icon (empty one looks like a gift box) and a delete button for it.
  * Drag a *spell* or *item* onto the dragLink icon.  You can drag from inventory, bags, action bars, or your spellbook.
  * You can click on the Delete button to get rid of an item.

 * Custom Buttons: *Bars/<My Bar>/Buttons/New*
  * You can create new custom buttons for your current profile.
  * Add one or more reguler categories or custom categories you created yourself to the button with *<My Button>/Categories/Add*
  * A default category with Hearthstone shows up.  Click its Popup & select your Custom Category or a another category instead.
  * Enable or Disable your custom button just like a regular button.
  * If you added 1 or more custom categories to your custom button, then you can easily drag & drop new items into it:
   * Select *Move the Buttons* mode.
   * Drag & drop items from your bags or spell book, etc. onto the button.
   * The item is added to the top of your Custom Category item list.

 * Empty "spacer" Button:
  * Create a custom button and move it to the spot you want.
  * Delete its category
  * Select "Always Show"

 * Bar movement: *Move the Bars*
  * Shift click the AutoBar _icon_, or select *Move the Bars* to make all your bars moveable and green (if shown) or red (if hidden).
  * Click-drag to move the bar.
  * Left click on the bar to hide (red) / show (green) the bar.
  * Right click the bar to bring up a config drop down for that bar.
  * Select *Move the Bars* again to lock the bars in place.
  * When dragging, the bars are "snappy" and snap to other AutoBar bars.
   * Snapping is also done to some Blizzard frames.
   * Eventually this snapping will extend to other bars and frames beyond AutoBar.
   * You can disable snapping by holding down the Shift key.

 * Button movement: *Move the Buttons*
  * Control click the AutoBar _icon_, or select *Move the Buttons* to make all your buttons moveable.
   * All active buttons will get a green outline
   * All inactive buttons will show up with a blue outline
   * Other buttons will have a red outline
  * Click-drag to move the button.
  * Hover over the Button to see its name in your tooltip (if displayed).
  * Select *Move the Buttons* again to lock the buttons in place.
 
 * Key Bindings: *Blizzard Options/Key Bindings*
  * Regular named Buttons are bound through the Blizzard *Options/Key Bindings* interface
   * Note that during the beta process not all the Named Buttons will have bindings until they are stable and functional.
  * You may also use a mod like [http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/fileinfo.php?s=&id=5108 Clique] or [http://files.wowace.com/cat-interface-enhancements.html Click2Cast]
   * For your Custom Button the frame name is `AutoBarButtonCustom<MyCustomButtonName>Frame`.  So if you named your button `Chocolate` then you would bind to `AutoBarButtonCustomChocolateFrame`
   * Named Button frame names are `<ButtonName>Frame`.  So to bind to `AutoBarButtonBuffWeapon2` you would use `AutoBarButtonBuffWeapon2Frame`.  A full list is in Locale-enUS.lua under "Button Names"
   * Example: `/script SetOverrideBindingClick(AutoBarButtonTrinket1Frame, false, "U", "AutoBarButtonTrinket1Frame")` will for the current login only bind U to the first trinket button.  Use `/script ClearOverrideBindings(AutoBarButtonTrinket1Frame)` to clear your bindings.

 * Druid Forms: *Bars/Druid*
  * The Druid Bar contains buttons for Cat, Bear, Travel as well as Tree of Life / Boomkin
  *  You can bind keys to these from the Blizzard keybind interface
  *  
  *  These are still a work in progress  &the icons dont actually display.

= What is still planned for the new version? =

 * Multiple bars are supported and you will be able to add your own custom bars soon.
 * Popup on shift.  There is just one more bug to iron out in the test state machine then this can be incorporated.
 * Items need to be shuffled as a bag location gets depleted during combat
 * Plugin architecture for buttons so this can become more of a framework
 * For custom categories allow direct selection of a PT3 set + an optional priority set (that takes precedence over the regular set for a particular item's value.  For example conjured food over regular)
 * Finish macro buttons.
  * Editable text for a custom macro
  * Ability to use one of the macros from Blizzard's macro interface.
 * Buttons
  *Finally do a proper mount button (a Macro Button)
  * Trinket buttons
 * Upgrade the StickyFrames "library" to handle multiple source frames via a registration mechanism & update BT3 to use it.  This would allow "sticky" dragging of AutoBars & "docking" them to BT3 & other bar mods using the StickyFrames stuff.
 * Customization via Waterfall is barely functional & needs drag & drop rearranging + icons in the tree view at a minimum.

= Why make a new version? =
The basic answer is that any software explores a problem domain.  Software also acts like it is alive while growing through the domain.  So given enough time, hacks & features, various software ailments start to develop:
 * Algorithm Necrosis
 * Data Rot
 * Bit Decay
 * Hack Plaque
 * Upgrade Resistance
 * API Collapse
To combat these maladies, the software is refactored from time to time to better explore current aspects of the problem domain and to enable exploration of new areas.

Such is the case with the current rewrite of AutoBar.  The ailments in the old version are numerous and multiple.  It became old & set in its ways and must now make way for a younger vigorous clone with improved dna & super powers to meet new challenges.  At times this will make it seem more monster than superhero, but bear with it, the end result will be worth the growing pains.

= What do I do if I want to go back to the old version? =

 * Simply download the old one from the downloads section.
 * Your settings will remain the same (assuming you do not delete your saved variables)
 * If you reassigned any key bindings you will have to fix that yourself.