#summary List of current and planned buttons.

 * Druid Forms: *Bars/Druid*
  * The Druid Bar contains buttons for Cat, Bear, Travel as well as Tree of Life / Boomkin
  *  You can bind keys to these from the Blizzard keybind interface
  *  
  *  These are still a work in progress & the icons don't actually display.

 * Named Buttons
  * These are built in buttons with limited or no customizability.
  * They have specific keybinds via the Blizzard Key Binding interface.
  * Hearth
   * Hearth Stone
   * Teleport (left click) / Portal (right click) for mages.
   * Other teleport spells for Druids, Warlocks, Shamans.
  * Mount
   * Various regular, flying and Ahn'Qiraj mounts
   * Summoned mounts, and travel forms
  * Bandages
   * Various Bandages, including BG specific ones.
  * Health & Mana / Rage / Energy Buttons
   * There are 2 sets of these:
    * 6 buttons based on cooldown type, these are the default enabled ones
     * Potion Cooldown: Health; Mana / Rage / Energy; Rejuvenation
     * Stone Cooldown: Health; Mana / Rage / Energy; Rejuvenation
    * 2 all in one buttons, you need to enable them yourself & disable the cooldown based ones.
     * Heal
     * Mana / Rage / Energy
  * Food Buttons
   * Food
   * Food Buff
   * Food Combo (health + mana)
  * Water Buttons
   * Water
   * Water Buff
   * Water Combo (health + mana)
  * Buff
   * Any and all non-food buffs should show up here.
  * Elixer Buttons
   * Battle
   * Guardian
   * Flasks
  * Buff Weapon
   * Buff Weapon Main Hand
   * Buff Weapon Off Hand
  * Fishing
   * Casting button is the default
   * Poles, Fishing Gear, Lures available on the popup.
  * Pets
   * Various non-combat pets all classes can use including the snowball based holiday ones.
  * Quest
   * Various quest items you need to click on to use.
   * Includes some permanent ones like Vargoth's Staff, kegs, fronds etc.
   * Daily quest items like booterang, bombs etc.
  * Crafting
   * Alchemy, Leatherworking, Cooking, etc.
  * Track
   * Various tracking abilities that can be activated by /cast <ability>, or are in your spell book.
   * This excludes the trainer, flightmaster etc. stuff which use a completely separate API for some strange reason.
  * Trinket
   * Trinket 1
   * Trinket 2
    * *Note that Trinket 2 can not be used to equip into Trinket 2 slot yet.*
  * Pet Food
   * This has the various foods hunter pets can eat
   * Right click feeds the food to the pet.
   * Left click lets you eat it.
  * Trap (Hunter)
  * Sting (Hunter)
  * Aura
   * Hunter Aspects
   * Paladin Auras
  * Class Pet
   * Druid
    * Force of Nature
   * Hunter
    * Scare Beast
    * Tame Beast
    * Beast Training
    * Beast Lore
    * Eyes of the Beast
    * Mend Pet
    * Feed Pet
    * Dismiss Pet
    * Revive Pet
    * Call Pet
   * Mage
    * Summon Water Elemental
   * Priest
    * Shadowfiend
   * Shaman
    * Fire Elemental Totem
    * Earth Elemental Totem
   * Warlock
    * Eye of Kilrogg
    * Summon Felguard
    * Summon Felhunter
    * Summon Imp
    * Summon Succubus
    * Summon Voidwalker
  * Class Buff
   * Various buffs a class can cast
   * Left click for the welfare version
   * Right click for the deluxe version
  * Pick Lock
   * Lockboxes, right click to pick for Rogues
   * Seaforium charges
   * Skeleton keys
  * Totems
   * These are set to arrange on use
   * Grouped by totem type:
    * Air
    * Earth
    * Fire
    * Water