#summary How to find Bugs / Errors.

=== Actually Download the LATEST version: ===
  * Make sure you are not running disembeded. In your Wow Ace Updater preferences make sure the only thing checked on the left side of the preferences panel is "Default mode WITH externals".
  * The latest developer build is on [http://www.wowace.com/projects/auto-bar/ WoWAce].  Please make sure your bug has not been fixed in the developer build before logging a bug.
  * Once you think you have downloaded !AutoBar, see *Files Required for !AutoBar to work* below and make sure you actually did download !AutoBar
  * Completely quit Wow and restart.  Did the bug go away?
=== Narrow it Down: ===
  * Download and install [http://www.wowace.com/projects/buggrabber/ Buggrabber] and [http://www.wowace.com/projects/bugsack/ BugSack].
  * Use the !BugSack UI ([http://github.com/tekkub/libdatabroker-1-1/wikis/addons-using-ldb Data Broker] icon or /bugsack) to turn off *Throttle at excessive amount* then log out.
  * Disable all other mods except AutoBar, !BugGrabber and !BugSack. Log in.  If you still get the error then it may be an AutoBar bug.
  * Otherwise keep adding half of the disabled mods back etc. & narrow down which one is causing an error for you.
=== What error is causing it: ===
  * Another potential source of bugs are script errors, especially during startup.
  * Buggrabber records all bugs and lets you list them using the !BugSack UI.
  * Ideally there should be no errors.  !BugSack gives you a very nice UI for the !Buggrabber errors as well as options for bug tracking, and the ability to copy and paste errors.
  * Startup errors in a particular mod probably mean it is not going to work correctly.
  * Please only report the first bug.  The first one usually leads to a cascade of meaningless bugs that may or may not even be real.
  * Please state what version you are running when reporting a bug, it saves a lot of time and confusion.
  * If you download off of wowace you need to report the SVN revision number (r#####) as well as the official !AutoBar version number.  You can find both in the title of the AutoBar options window.
=== Reset the Saved Variable File: ===
  * !AutoBar is constantly changing.  Mistakes can happen.  Perhaps the Saved Variable File is corrupted.
  * You can save this file first if you dont want to lose your settings.  If it does not fix your issue then just quit Wow, restore the file & relog.
  * Quit completely from WoW, then delete:
  * World of Warcraft\WTF\Account\<YOUR ACCOUNT NAME>\!SavedVariables\!AutoBar.lua and !AutoBar.bak.
  * Restart WoW.

NOTE: Resetting the saved variables file should almost never be necessary.  Even as the developer I have done this less than 5 times in the many years I have worked on this.  So be sure to save the file and restore it if it has nothing to do with your issue.