#summary Frequently Asked Questions.
#labels Featured

=== How do I Use AutoBar ===
 * See the [Usage] page.


=== How can I get the easy & classic AutoBar back? ===
 * Simply disable all but the Basic Bar
 * Remove all buttons on it that you do not like.


=== How can I get my gigantic all in one Bar back? ===
 * Get into AutoBar/Move the Buttons Mode.  Drag and drop all the Extras Buttons to your main bar.  Since both these bars are shared account wide this change happens for all characters.
 * Alternatively Use *Remove* on all the Extras Buttons, and then the Add Buttons popup to add them to the Basic Bar.
 * Next you need to move the Class Buttons.  Set *Basic/Shared Buttons* to "Class" for the currently logged in character.  Now drag the class buttons over.  Since the Buttons are specific to that class, setting sharing to Class lets the bar remember the buttons differently for each class.
 * Repeat moving the Class Buttons for each different class you have.
 * If you have multiple characters of the same class that need individual button layouts then simply set *Shared Buttons* to "None" for one or more of them.
 * Note that with enough different classes eventually all Buttons will not fit on a single Bar.


=== How can I find out if my bug is in AutoBar or some other mod? ===
*Narrow it Down:*
  * Make sure you are not running disembeded. In your Wow Ace Updater preferences make sure the only thing checked on the left side of the preferences panel is "Default mode WITH externals".
  * Please make sure you are running the latest version. The latest release is here under Downloads, and the latest developer build is on [http://files.wowace.com].  Please make sure your bug has not been fixed in the developer build before logging a bug.
  * Disable all other mods except AutoBar (and Buggrabber: see below). If you still get the error then it may be an AutoBar bug.
  * Otherwise keep adding half of the disabled mods back etc. & narrow down which one is causing an error for you.
*What error is causing it:*
  * Another potential source of bugs are script errors, especially during startup.  Download !Buggrabber from [http://files.wowace.com].  Buggrabber records all bugs and lets you list them by typing in /buggrabber # into chat.  Ideally there should be no errors.
  * Startup errors in a particular mod probably mean it is not going to work correctly.
  * Please only report the first bug "/buggrabber 1".  The first one usually leads to a cascade of meaningless bugs that may or may not even be real.
  * Please state what version you are running when reporting a bug, it saves a lot of time and confusion.
  * If you download off of wowace you need to report the SVN revision number (r#####) as well as the official AutoBar version number.


=== How do I report a missing item? ===
 * [http://code.google.com/p/autobar/issues/list?q=label%3AMissingItem&can=1 List of Reported Missing Items]
 * Please use something specific like: "Reins of the Black War Tiger 29471" or "Farkle Berry Juice 47:14000"
 * The 29471 & 47 are the ItemId for each item.
  * Get it from Loot Link as the "BaseId" in the tooltip.
  * Look it up on [http://www.wowhead.com] or [http://www.allakhazam.com] by searching by name & then looking at the items URL. The ItemId is at the end.
 * For foods & whatnot an aditional value after the colon gives how much it heals etc.
 * If Farkle Berry Juice was real and a buff food then also include what it buffs:
  * Farkle Berry Juice  47:14000   strength 30, dexterity 60, attack speed 90
 * Is there no end to the wondrous Farkle Berry Juice? It is also a combo food, so list its mana gain as well:
  * Farkle Berry Juice  47:14000 47:17000 mana strength 30, dexterity 60, attack speed 90

 I do not have the time to go search the entire game for missing items. If you miss it, give me the specific info I need to add it.


=== Files Required for !AutoBar to work ===
embeds.xml
AutoBarConsole-1.0.lua
Core.lua
Locale-enUS.lua
Locale-koKR.lua
Locale-zhCN.lua
Locale-zhTW.lua
Locale-deDE.lua
Locale-frFR.lua
Locale-esES.lua
AutoBarDB.lua
AutoBarOptions.lua
AutoBarSearch.lua
AutoBarClassBar.lua
AutoBarClassButton.lua
AutoBarClassPopupButton.lua
AutoBarButton.lua
AutoBarCategory.lua
Style.lua
AutoBarFuBar.lua
libs\LibStub\LibStub.lua
libs\AceLibrary\AceLibrary.lua
libs\AceOO-2.0\AceOO-2.0.lua
libs\AceEvent-2.0\AceEvent-2.0.lua
libs\AceAddon-2.0\AceAddon-2.0.lua
libs\AceDB-2.0\AceDB-2.0.lua
libs\AceDebug-2.0\AceDebug-2.0.lua
libs\AceHook-2.1\AceHook-2.1.lua
libs\AceLocale-2.2\AceLocale-2.2.lua
libs\Babble-Zone-2.2\Babble-Zone-2.2.lua
libs\Dewdrop-2.0\Dewdrop-2.0.lua
libs\FuBarPlugin-2.0\FuBarPlugin-2.0.lua
libs\LibPeriodicTable-3.1\LibPeriodicTable-3.1.lua
libs\LibPeriodicTable-3.1-Consumable\LibPeriodicTable-3.1-Consumable.lua
libs\LibPeriodicTable-3.1-Gear\LibPeriodicTable-3.1-Gear.lua
libs\LibPeriodicTable-3.1-Misc\LibPeriodicTable-3.1-Misc.lua
libs\LibPeriodicTable-3.1-Tradeskill\LibPeriodicTable-3.1-Tradeskill.lua
libs\Tablet-2.0\Tablet-2.0.lua
libs\Waterfall-1.0\Waterfall-1.0.lua
libs\LibStickyFrames-1.0\LibStickyFrames-1.0.lua

If these files are not inside *World of Warcraft\Interface\AddOns\AutoBar* then you have failed to download AutoBar correctly.  Please go to files.wowace.com to get the a zip with what you actually need.


=== !ButtonFacade looks really cool why are you not using it right now! ===
* It is in Beta.
 * Once it is a replacement for cyCircled it will be used.
 * The [http://www.wowace.com/forums/index.php?topic=12549.0 ButtonFacade] switch will completely rip out all support for cyCircled.


=== How do I self cast or auto self cast? ===
 * For targeted items right click generally self casts
  * If you want to automatically cast items / spells on yourself when your target is not valid for that spell or item:
   # Open up the Blizzard Interface Options Panel / Basic Options.
   # Select "Auto Self Cast".


=== How do I set key bindings for AutoBar? ===
 * Use the Blizzard key-binding interface:
  # Open up the Blizzard Keybindings Panel
  # Scroll down to the AutoBar section and bind the keys you want
 * To bind to your Custom Buttons, see the [Usage] section.


=== AutoBar uses 5 gajillion gigabytes of memory? ===
 * This is not correct
  # AutoBar uses about 400-500k
  # AutoBar does use the embedded Ace libraries which load along with the first Ace mod which alphabeticaly tends to be AutoBar.
  # The Ace libraries are shared among all your Ace mods.  If you want to get a better idea of who is hogging memory then load up the optional standalone versions of the Ace libraries.  Do not forget to delete them after your experiment is over.


=== Why can AutoBar no longer shuffle items during combat? ===
 The whole point behind the 2.0 UI changes Blizzard made is to specifically disable automation during combat. As you go into combat, the buttons on the bar and popups are frozen. They can no longer shuffle or change. That is it, end of story. No amount of requests to change this behaviour will make AutoBar behave differently during combat.  That said, it is possible to shuffle items around behind the scene.  I will look into that during the next Beta cycle.


=== Arrange on use is not working for me during combat! ===
 True that.


=== Waah, I don't want popups? ===
 Popups are either always shown, or only shown when shift is held down (as soon as I implement the shift part that is).

 The reasons are simple:
 # Blizzard has systematically and thoroughly disabled automated choice during combat.
 # AutoBar used to shuffle the items in a slot around based on cooldown, availability, etc.
 # This shuffling can no longer work in combat.
 # Therefore users need a way to in essence do this shuffling themselves, which means using the popup.
 # Thus, the popup's availability is now mandatory.
 # The only "hiding" of the popup will be the "Popup on Shift" key.
 # To avoid support issues like: "I died / the raid wiped because I could not click on X potion after I ran out of Y" etc. the popup will just always be there. If you do run out of the first item there needs to be a fallback option during combat. So rather than allow users to break the mod through a "Disable Popup" option I am just not going to allow that. Popup on shift is close enough to hiding it. 


=== How do I add items that are not in any existing categories? ===
 * See the [Usage] section.
 * See the "How do I report a missing item?" faq to get the item into the items database.
 * If you are an Ace author or have SVN access you can add the item to [http://www.wowace.com/wiki/PeriodicTable-3.0 PeriodicTable-3.1].


=== I can't see my Bar ===
 * Try a UI reload "/rl".
 * Enter Move the Bars mode to see where your bars are at.
 * Make sure your Bar's Alpha setting is high enough to see the bar. 
 * If you have fadeout set for the Bar, hold down ctrl / shift / alt to make it visible again.  Make sure you have enabled one of these keys to show your Bar.
 * If you have changed your UI scale, the Bar may be positioned off the screen. Set *AutoBar/Clamp Bars to screen* then do a UI reload "/rl"


=== My buttons shift around when items get used up ===
 Each Bar has various settings to control this. 


=== How do I get a cooldown count like <some mod> has? ===
 * AutoBar provides only the standard Blizzard cooldown clock. If you would like a digital cooldown, then get the [http://wow-en.curse-gaming.com/downloads/details/2775/omnicc/ OmniCC] mod.
 * OmniCC provides a digital cooldown for any button that has a standard Blizzard cooldown clock. I would highly recommend it.
 * A clock will never be added to AutoBar, because all I would be doing is copying the OmniCC code which makes no sense. Better to have one OmniCC, than 50 mods with duplicate OmniCC code in them.
 
 
 